{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red96\green96\blue96;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c45277\c45277\c45277;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15640\viewh11260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs31\fsmilli15600 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Welcome to SearchLight!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 Copyright (c) John Holdsworth 2018. You are licensed to use this application for any purpose for an evaluation period after which you will need to purchase the author's "Lightning" web browser in the Mac App Store to continue using the application.\
\
Special Thanks to Erica Sadun for enduring some very early versions of the program.\
\
The application Icon is the marvellous {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://findicons.com/icon/15191/folder_blue_explorer"}}{\fldrslt folder_blue_explorer.png}} by {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.iconaholic.com/"}}{\fldrslt Iconaholic}}.\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
\f0\fs24  
\f1\fs22 all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
\f0\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs22 THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
\f0\fs24  
\f1\fs22 IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
\f0\fs24  
\f1\fs22 FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
\f0\fs24  
\f1\fs22 AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
\f0\fs24  
\f1\fs22 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
\f0\fs24  
\f1\fs22 OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
\f0\fs24  
\f1\fs22 THE SOFTWARE.
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13333 \cf2 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
If you have any product suggestions, feel free to contact the author using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:searchlight@johnholdsworth.com?Subject=SearchLight%20Suggestion"}}{\fldrslt this link}}.\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 //
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22 //  validatereceipt.m
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22 //
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22 //  Created by Ruotger Skupin on 23.10.10.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22 //  Copyright 2010 Matthew Stevens, Ruotger Skupin, Apple, Dave Carlton, Fraser Hess, anlumo. All rights reserved.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22 //
\f0\fs24 \
\

\f1\fs22 /* 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  from this software without specific prior written permission.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE 
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
\f0\fs24 \

\f1\fs22  */
\f0\fs24 \
}